#  This is manual page in Perl POD format. Read more at
#  http://perldoc.perl.org/perlpod.html or run command:
#
#     perldoc perlpod | less
#
#  To check the syntax:
#
#     podchecker *.pod
#
#  Create manual page with command:
#
#    pod2man PAGE.N.pod > PAGE.N

=pod

=head1 NAME

proclint - Lint procmail rc files for proper syntax

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  proclint [options] <procmail *.rc files>

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-h, --help>

Display short help.

=item B<-i, --includerc>

Scan and possibly list files included in code with INCLUDERC
statements.

=item B<-I, --noinclude>

Do not scan INCLUDERC references (default).

=item B<-l, --list>

List lines in the procmail recipe files.

=item B<-L, --nolist>

Do not list lines, except for errors (default).

=item B<-p, --procmailrc>

Check $HOME/.procmailrca

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Check procmail rc files for proper syntax, recipe nesting, etc. The
output consists of: C<LINE-NUMBER:FLAG:DEPTH: text>. FLAG is one of:

    R  recipe
    C  condition
    A  action (redirect, '!', or pipe, '|')
    F  folder
    =  assignment
    +  continuation
    E  *line may be erroneous*

DEPTH indicates the depth of the recipe nesting and is shown only
when greater than zero.

=head1 BUGS

There are many bugs. Please regard the output as advisory only.

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

None.

=head1 FILES

None.

=head1 SEE ALSO

procmail(1)

=head1 AUTHORS

Program was written by Alan K. Stebbens <aks@sgi.com>.

This manual page was written by Jari Aalto <jari.aalto@cante.net>.
Released under license GNU GPL v2 or (at your option) any later
version. For more information about license, visit
<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html>.

=cut
